im building an inventory control system,

MoSCoW:

Deeply consider layout and end user functionality.
Consider spa vs router, 	
	Points of interest are bookmarking and layout.

Must Have:
	[x]Front end UI for all elements.
	[x]User auth,
    []session management.
	[]Be able to CRUD inventory items that have a:
	    Name,
	    Category,
	    Color,
	    location.
	    Maybe a quantity
	
	[x]Have multiple users 
    []with profiles
	[]Mobile responsive
    []have nameable 3 level warehouse to store items and CRUD
	
Should Have:
	Admin and user roles and permissions
		Admin not needing mobile responsive.
	Inventory search and filtering
	Create pack lists for other users and be able to fulfill the pack lists

Could Have:
	definitely have a graph!!!
		Maybe as popups with buttons.
	Have base level metrics:
		Stocked units,
		Received dates,
		Turnover rate,
		DOH average days inventory stays on hand
		Associated costs
		Supplier lead time
		Supplier fill rate
		Cogs
		Pick and pack time
		As graphs
	User profile management
        and stat tracking.
	Password editing
	

Wish List	
Printable inventory tags with QR codes.
Able to scan with phone.:


must have: front end ui for all elements.
    what elements do I have? 
        setting up a Spa with:
            login pages
            create account page 
            page for managers to manage permissions and access of users.
            i need a page to manage the CRUD of all inventory with search and dislpay by functionality
            pick lists page.
        
            so at least: Login, create account, permissions, inventory
        
    

6/11/24
    i have the project going, currently i have a front end login setup with 
    username and password.
    i set it up with a submit button for an api call to the backend to use
    the username and pass to get a token to the front.

    on the backend Ive started setting up models, views, serializers and urls.
        i set up the profile model with an is_staff bool.
        the idea is to be able to display the users profiles by name and change
        their permissions. maybe even have a user page with employee info and 
        stats.

    i currently have protected routes on the homepage and an active login page.
    i saved progress and pushed to dev.
    
    im setting up a SPA for this on the homepage.
    ill set up the structure of it then ill move on to the pages and their content

    1. add user page,
        lets those with admin status make users and set their permissions.

    2. make the create warehouse page
        this is where admins can add a virtual warehouse of goods.

    3. inventory management page
        here is where admins will be able to add inventory to the virtual
        warehouses that theyve set up.
        and set pick lists for their users, assigning to all or specific users.
    
    4. pick list page or checkout page. maybe both
        this is where ill let users pick items assigned to them.
        or be able to check out items.

    5. metrics page
        this is the page where ill show different warehouse metrics
        also graphs i hope 
    
    6. user profiles page, this will let users access their profile and have
        metrics attached.
        admins can see all, users can see theirs.

6/12/24
    the user creation page is completed,
        i had an issue with the form submission, it was recommended to use inputs from now on as forms suck. 
        specifically it was reloading the page everytime we submitted, but in such a way that it was killing
        the token before it got to the server. we set a prevent default function to stop this.
        now i can create users and give them permissions, and fields clear out after submit.
        newly created managers can make users
        but users without the is_staff flag cannot.

    next step is to setup the virtual warehouses.
        these shouldnt have users attached to them.


    i have front end sending custom table data in the form of an 
    object with an array inside.
    object {
        name: (name of warehouse)
        divisions : Array(number of divisions.)
    }

    i need to set up Urls, views, serializers and models.

6/13/2024
    im having issues with the VW, i have Json data sending but its 
    not saving the way i need it to and im kind of lost on it,

im currently in Queue
    im goint to start on adding inventory.

6/14/2024
    i got inventory to add and new models for the warehouse with section, subsection and subsub sections.
    the goal now is to have drop downs that populate with the section, then the subsection, then the subsection.

    my thoughts... i want to get the first section in. my thought is if i get it in the dropdown, can
    i use a useeffect to trigger the axios to populate the subsection choices of the section, 
    then the same for the subsubsection. provided thats done. then i need to work it together to add items.

6/16/2024
    i can create items. now I need to populate those items (read)
     and be able to update and delete them.

    implement a search by function for section, subsection, subsubsection

    be able to create sections, subsections and subsubsections. 